file name in url (#153)
flotiq/flotiq-docs: docs/API/media-library.md

##Getting files

To fetch resized image use the `/image/{width}x{height}/{id}.{extension}` endpoint where
`width` and `height` are the dimensions of the scaled photo.
Is it possible to use the file name in URL `/image/{width}x{height}/{id}/{fileName}.{extension}`,

> `fileName` is any name; it does not check whether a file with that name exists.
> Using filenames improves SEO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fileName` is any name; it does not have to be the file's original name; you can choose whatever suits your need in particular usage.
Using filenames improves SEO.
```
